I'll never forget the day I heard
their plane had gone missing.
I mean. that could have been me.
Would you say you were close
with any of the girls on the team?
I would definitely not say that. no.
Hell yeah.
I knew some of 'em pretty good
back in the day.
Not one of those girls gave
a good goddamn about trigonometry.
I can tell you that much.
So what do you think
really happened out there?
All I know is that
what happened was a tragedy.
A terrible tragedy.
I probably shouldn't say this. but...
some of these kids. eh.
no big loss. if we're honest.
But those girls were special.
They were...
They were champions.
Allie! Allie. Allie!
Come on. Come on.
Nice!
Ty! Over here!
Ty! Inside!
Forward! Forward! Come on!
Ty!
- Ty!
- Jackie!
Good shot!
Buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz.
buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz.
buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz!
We're going to nationals!
♪ Today is the greatest ♪
♪ Day I've ever known ♪
You look so hot right now.
Uh...
Uh. uh. careful.
It's cool. babe.
I want you to.
W-We're gonna be late.
It's fine.
Relax.
Oh. Ah.
God. you're amazing.
I fucking love you. Jackie.
♪ Today is the greatest ♪
♪ Day ♪
Okay.
My turn.
♪ Superman. you're an angel ♪
♪ With wings of fire ♪
♪ A flying. giant friction blast ♪
♪ You walk in clouds of glitter ♪
♪ And the sun reflects your eyes ♪
♪ And every time the wind blows ♪
♪ I can smell you in the sky ♪
♪ Your kisses are as wicked ♪
♪ As an M-16 ♪
♪ And you fuck like a volcano ♪
♪ And you're every... ♪
♪ Informer ♪
- Were you listening to that?
- No. no.
It fell into the tape deck.
and I accidentally pressed play.
♪ Say daddy me Snow
me stab someone down the lane ♪
♪ A licky boom boom down ♪
♪ Informer. ya' no say daddy... ♪
I saw Jeff.
What happened to no distractions
before nationals?
Ripping off the Band-Aid and all that?
I decided that
showing up to college a virgin
is a mistake.
No offense.
We've been together for so long that.
if we're each other's first.
then we'll be linked forever.
It's more poetic that way.
Oh. That reminds me...
I decided on a color palette
for our room at Rutgers next year.
Pink and green.
It's like classic preppy meets Palm Beach.
It's very Lilly P.
♪ A licky boom boom down ♪
Wait. Jeff's a virgin?
Well. we've been together
since freshman year.
Yeah. I know. It's just...
you guys have broken up.
like. 10.000 times.
Never long enough to count.
♪ Are they think dem have more power ♪
- ♪ De pon di phone... ♪
- The hell is this bullshit?
What?
These assholes were under 500 all season.
Shauna. honk at that thing.
No. they're just gonna think
we're. like. saluting mediocre baseball.
No. they'll know.
- Try undefeated. bitches!
- Oh. my God. Jackie.
We're going to motherfucking nationals!
Aphids?
Rabbits.
Poor little guys.
Mm. Just trying to survive. I guess.
I'm sorry. do we know each other?
Jessica Roberts. Star-Ledger.
I left you a few voice mails.
Right. Fuck off. Jessica.
Shauna. wait. Wait.
- wait. wait. wait.
- I don't talk to reporters.
but I'm guessing you already know that.
I know that you've been letting
other people tell your story.
People who barely knew you.
and they are making
a lot of money doing it.
Five minutes.
That's all I ask.
If you don't like what I have to say.
I will leave you alone.
Promise.
I know what you want to hear.
But the truth is.
the plane crashed.
a bunch of my friends died
and the rest of us starved and scavenged
and prayed for 19 months.
till they finally found us.
And that's the end of the story.
I think we both know there's a...
bit more to it than that.
I can't imagine what you guys
went through out there.
Nobody can.
And that is worth something.
It's worth a lot. actually.
I can guarantee you
a seven-figure book advance
right here. right now.
We could write it together
but it's your name on the cover.
Mm. not interested. Sorry.
What if I told you the others were?
Then I would say that you're lying.
So you are still in touch.
I haven't spoken to any of them in years.
I would not know how to get ahold of them
even if I wanted to.
I moved on. and I genuinely hope
that they were able
to do the same.
Now. if you'll excuse me. I'm...
Shauna. this is the kind of money
that could change your life.
You were an elite athlete.
Straight A's.
Early admission to Brown.
Is this really how you thought your life
was gonna turn out?
Sorry.
I didn't mean to. uh...
I don't give a shit what you meant.
you smug little bitch.
You don't know
a fucking thing about my life.
Well...
if you change your mind...
Natalie. time for group.
Remember. anger can be good.
Tell that to my parole officer.
I mean. all I'm saying is
this bitch cut me in line.
What am I supposed to do.
just stand there?
And then what happens?
Everybody in Jamba Juice
just starts getting on line
wherever the hell they want.
It's gonna be chaos.
Pure chaos.
How the hell am I supposed
to pay for my shit?
These are important feelings
you're having. Wendy.
- Thank you for sharing them.
- Yeah. You're welcome.
But. also. I need an answer.
Because apparently slapping
this numb cunt was. uh. "incorrect."
- And also misdemeanor assault.
- Mm.
It's true. violence is never the answer.
But that doesn't mean
the anger you're feeling
isn't useful.
You just have to find a way to...
Keep the tiger in the cage.
Natalie?
Seeing as how
this is your last day with us.
any final inspirations
you'd like to pass on to the group?
Purpose.
Find a purpose.
I used to think all the drugs
and the drinking...
and the sex.
I used to think I did those things
because of...
...what happened out there.
What I... saw.
What I... did.
Oh. my God. What did you do?
You literally never told us.
Zip it. Ariana.
But the real reason is...
much simpler.
After they rescued us.
I...
I lost my purpose.
And...
thanks to my time here...
I finally know how to get it back.
- Oh. man. Natalie.
- Ugh.
What is that?
And here I thought jocks
were supposed to be able to party.
Eat me.
Oh. Jesus.
Dude. this is terrible.
Okay. you know what.
you can both go suck a dick.
And just maybe we will.
Oh. shit. it's my cousin.
Did he get us the stuff?
Yeah. Tonight.
Hey! Burnout!
Show us your tits!
Oh. come on! Don't be shy!
I mean. shit.
if you really want to see 'em.
Oh...
The fuck. Natalie?
He's gonna kick our ass. not yours!
Only if they catch us.
Come on!
♪ Hey. yeah ♪
♪ I want to shoop. baby ♪
♪ Here I go. here I go. here I go again ♪
♪ Girls. what's my weakness? Men ♪
♪ Okay then. chillin'. chillin'.
minding my business ♪
♪ Yo. Salt. I looked around
and I couldn't believe this ♪
♪ I swear. I stared.
my niece my witness ♪
♪ The brother had it goin' on
with somethin' kind of uh ♪
♪ Wicked. wicked. had to kick it ♪
♪ I'm not shy so I asked for the digits ♪
♪ A ho? No. that don't make me ♪
♪ See what I want.
slip slide to it swifty... ♪
Allie.
You all right?
It's just a pep rally.
Honestly. I think the whole point
is just to give freshmen
something to jerk off to later.
Jackie.
Coach wants to see you in his office.
I'm not nervous.
I'm the only freshman
who got asked. you know.
I know.
It's so unfair.
My dress was gonna be amazing.
Well. hey. at least
you can wear it next year.
You don't get it. Van.
'cause nobody asked you.
Okay. you're done.
Jesus Christ.
Does someone want to tell Kelly Kapowski
to maybe worry less about prom
and more about not fucking up nationals?
Oh. come on.
- If she plays like she did at states...
- Yeah. don't worry.
That's not gonna happen.
I'm gonna talk to you like an adult.
Is that okay with you?
Do you have any idea why I made
you team captain this year?
Now. obviously. it's not because
you're our best player.
Shauna's faster.
Lottie's got better footwork by a mile.
- And Taissa. now...
- Is this a pep talk?
Jackie. you possess something
no one else on this team has.
Influence.
When things get tough out there.
those girls are gonna need
someone to guide them.
Can you handle that?
All right. let's hear it for the boys!
Let's give the boys a hand!
Thanks. guys. You did your best.
Now. our next act needs no introduction.
so let's all just make some noise
for your New Jersey State
Girls' Soccer Champions!
♪ It's such a good vibration ♪
♪ It's such a sweet sensation ♪
♪ The vibrations. good like Sunkist ♪
♪ Many want to know who done this... ♪
Buzz. buzz. buzz.
buzz. buzz. buzz. buzz...
♪ That we can party
on the positive side ♪
♪ And pump positive vibes.
so come along for the ride ♪
♪ Making you feel the rhythm
is my occupation ♪
♪ So feel the vibration ♪
♪ It's such a good vibration ♪
♪ Come on. come on. come on ♪
♪ It's such a sweet sensation ♪
♪ Feel it. feel it... ♪
Parts of this 1667 epic
were dictated to family members
by its author.
What are you?
I am Paradise Lost.
Yes. Linda.
I am The Great Gatsby.
Ooh. I'm sorry.
The answer we're looking for
is Paradise Lost.
Aw. Linda. You dumb bitch.
And with that.
we'll be right back.
I'm Taissa Turner.
And as state senator.
I want to lead New Jersey out
of the wilderness
and back to the economic prosperity
we all deserve.
I'm Taissa Turner.
and I approve this message.
Shit.
Paid for by Taissa Turner
for State Senator.
Just breathe.
We want natural. We want...
- Kennedys.
- I'm about to drive
this boy off a bridge.
so I must be doing something right.
Can we just have a minute?
Sure.
Told you I was terrible at this.
You're doing great.
- Really.
- I want to play in my room.
Um. just a little while longer. hotshot.
We're almost done.
Hey.
This is a profile in Jersey Monthly.
not Italian Vogue.
You just need to loosen up.
What can I do to help. hmm?
Want a shot of tequila? Want a...
want a quickie in the bathroom?
That is what
I'm talking about. ladies.
Perfect.
I just have to say.
you are a real inspiration.
After everything that you went through.
I mean. it gives me chills.
Not that I believe any
of those nasty stories. but...
now look at you.
You're the queer Kamala.
Thank you.
But... I really just want to focus
on our collective future...
not my past.
Ooh. a sound bite. I love it.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
- It seems like you don't even care.
- Are you kidding me?
You're being insensitive.
This is what we've worked for all season.
You really want to take that chance?
Yeah. 'Cause I'm not a fucking asshole.
What are you guys talking about?
Allie.
What about her?
Did you black out at states?
She totally choked.
- She's a freshman. Ty.
- She's a liability.
So what do you want to do about it?
She can't screw up
if she doesn't get the ball.
You want to freeze her out?
At least we'd know
what we're working with.
She kind of sucks. but...
I don't know.
- That's because it's bullshit.
- Oh. yeah?
What's your plan. then?
I don't know.
Play like a fucking team and win?
It's worked so far.
Everything works until it doesn't.
And for the record.
you smell like a wino.
Get your shit together.
You know what?
Fuck this.
Wow. Okay.
Doesn't feel right.
Jackie's not gonna like it.
Then we probably shouldn't tell her.
All right. Bring it in.
Take a knee. ladies.
What's up. state champs?
Okay. so JV is gonna help us out
with a little scrimmage today.
Uh. Coach Martinez had
to take care of a family thing.
so. JV. you're gonna grab
a pinny from Misty
and let's get started.
Uh. excuse me. Coach Scott.
Shouldn't we say a prayer first?
Uh. it's just
a scrimmage. Laura Lee.
But. uh. sure.
- Yeah. Knock yourself out.
- 'Kay.
Heavenly Father.
let our efforts remain fruitful.
so that we may perform
in ways glorious to You.
In Your name we pray.
- Amen.
- Amen!
All right. Let's go.
Nat!
Come on. Allie.
That should've been yours.
I want to switch sides.
- I'll take Allie.
- Okay.
All right! Let's go. Varsity!
Taissa wants to see you step it up.
And. quite frankly. that makes two of us.
Let's see some hustle!
- What...
- This is the game.
Step it up.
- It's not helping. Ty.
- If we can't freeze her out.
she's gonna have to learn
to play under pressure.
Allie!
- Finally.
- Shauna!
Did you see her leg?
- Holy shit.
- Oh. my God.
Damn.
Holy fuck.
Help!
Okay. Apply pressure to stop the bl...
Jesus. Misty!
Get the fuck out of the way!
We need an ambulance!
There's a phone in Bill's office!
- You mean Coach Martinez?
- Christ! Yes!
Go! Now!
Okay. keep her calm. Don't move her.
Stop moving. okay?
You're okay.
Look at me. Just breathe. okay?
Hand? Here. squeeze my hand.
You're fine. you're fine.
I know we're all really worried
about Allie.
But...
it might not be as bad as it looks.
You could see her fucking bones. Jackie.
I'm pretty sure
it's exactly as bad as it looks.
Oh. God. I'm gonna throw up.
Okay. but. I mean...
...we're still a team.
And we still have each other.
And the Lord works in mysterious ways.
Nice work. Taissa.
Callie. is that you?
No. it's a marauding pack of thieves.
We've come to burgle
your 12-year-old desktop
and all your ceramic bunnies.
How was school?
- Fine.
- "Fine."
Is Mrs. Mendez gonna let
you retake the trig test?
Yeah.
Probably.
Is there any way
you could put the phone down for.
I don't know. 90 seconds
and try to have something resembling
a meaningful conversation?
Thank you.
So. I'm making meatloaf.
This already does not seem
like a meaningful conversation.
I just figured we've been
on such a chicken kick lately
and why not mix it up?
Okay. seriously.
if this feels meaningful to you.
I really think you need to take
a good. hard look at your life.
I can't stay for dinner anyway.
We're going out.
Oh. really?
Well. I thought
that you and I could hang out tonight.
like. watch a movie.
Mom. it's Friday night.
Right.
Is Dad working late again?
Um. yeah. He's. you know. having problems
with the inventory database. so...
I'm sorry.
Yo. You ready to go?
- What's up. Mrs. S?
- Hi. Kyle.
Oh. we're doing this. O-Okay.
You're looking fine tonight.
Thanks. Um... Okay.
So. home by 11:00. please.
That's bullshit.
Fine. Midnight.
Love you!
Love you.
It's just a party.
I don't know. It...
feels weird to just go
like nothing happened.
It's not like skipping the party's
gonna un-fuck Allie's leg.
Plus. it's tradition.
Oh. my God.
You remember when you tried
to become Catholic?
I liked the saints.
- They were all so tragic.
- Hmm.
Mm-mm.
You know. Randy's gonna be
at the party tonight.
Um...
Okay.
Definitely not.
He asked Jeff to ask me
if you were gonna be there.
Randy?
- Really?
- What?
I just thought you'd want to know
somebody asked about you.
♪ Started the song. yeah ♪
♪ Now. wouldn't that be something? ♪
Shauna. just wear the red dress
I gave you. The boob dress.
Maybe I don't want to wear the red dress.
and I sure as hell don't want to hook up
with Randy fucking Walsh.
Jesus. what crawled up your ass?
- Wear whatever you want.
- Thanks. I will.
You're probably right about Randy anyway.
I once saw him get outsmarted
by an escalator.
Mm.
I once heard him ask
who invented the Pope.
♪ Let me find out
what you're thinking. watch it now ♪
♪ Everybody say you're wack
but you think you're hot ♪
♪ Player hatin' on the floor
'cause you're on the spot ♪
♪ Let me find out. let me find out ♪
♪ Let me find out
that you ain't got no class ♪
♪ Always tricking on the honeys
when you want some ass ♪
♪ Forever riding in my car.
never paying for gas ♪
♪ Let me find out. let me find out ♪
♪ Let me see. the only thing
you got is your crew ♪
♪ And from what I hear.
you're out of here ♪
♪ They don't even like you ♪
- ♪ 'Cause you waited ♪
- ♪ Time's up ♪
♪ You're running out of luck
and you need it ♪
- ♪ Set us up ♪
- ♪ It's there succeeding... ♪
That was hilarious.
It was so good.
You remember that. Shauna?
Do you?
Oh. Give me some.
Hey.
Mm-hmm. Uh-huh.
- No. Jackie.
- Mm-hmm.
What am I doing here again?
You guys. my cousin
hooked us up.
You got it?
Got six words for you. my friend.
Lucy in the Sky
with Diamonds.
That is. like. the least
efficient way to say that.
Dude. don't you go to the Olympics
or whatever tomorrow?
Yeah.
I do.
♪ I am the girl you know ♪
♪ Can't look you in the eye ♪
♪ So sick I cannot try... ♪
Where to?
You pick up a lot of people here?
A few. sure.
How many go straight to a bar?
You want to go to a bar?
LAX.
I'm catching a red-eye.
♪ I'm Miss World... ♪
♪ Somebody kill me ♪
♪ Kill me pills ♪
♪ No one cares ♪
♪ My friends ♪
♪ My friends... ♪
Randy! Randy! Randy!
Randy! Randy!
I dedicate that
to you. sexy lady.
Oh. God.
♪ Is listening. my friends ♪
♪ I've made my bed ♪
♪ I'll lie in it... ♪
I admire your resilience. Ty.
♪ I've made my bed... ♪
Can't be easy.
knowing you
fucking crippled someone today.
Cool. Good talk.
Just admit you did it on purpose.
- Excuse me?
- You heard me.
- You're wasted.
- And you're a fucking sociopath.
Whoa! Calm down.
No! Listen. you guys.
we don't have to worry
about the Allie problem anymore.
- because Taissa fixed it for us.
- What?
What's she talking about?
She's talking
about Taissa's little plan.
Oh. please.
Since when do you give a shit anyway?
Don't you have a bong to hit
or a dick to suck?
Don't talk to her that way.
Oh. fuck off. Shauna.
I don't need you to defend me.
Last time I checked. you were fine
- with the whole freeze-her-out strategy.
- Okay. seriously.
what are you talking about?
Shut the fuck up. Laura Lee!
No. no. no. stop it.
Somebody needs to take
her wasted ass home.
Say that again. bitch. Say that again.
I-I will say it again!
Cat fight!
That's it!
Enough!
♪ My bed. I'll die in it ♪
♪ I've made my bed. I'll lie... ♪
Yellowjackets. with me!
Now!
I don't know what the fuck that was.
but I do know that it's over.
We're about to go to nationals.
And based on what
I'm looking at right now.
we might as well not even bother
getting on that plane.
All right.
Everybody line up.
No. I'm fucking serious. Line up!
Come on!
Here's what we're gonna do.
I want each of you to go down this line
and say one nice. true thing
about every other girl on this team.
What is this. fucking Girl Scout camp?
Who wants to go first?
I'll go. Jackie.
Taissa.
you are beautiful in the eyes of our Lord.
Mm.
Van.
you are beautiful...
Oh. my God!
Okay. Laura Lee. fall back.
Fuck.
Okay. I'll go first.
Taissa Turner.
You have more fight in you
than anyone I've ever known.
I'm inspired by your determination.
Vanessa Palmer.
Your smile makes me
feel happy every time I see it.
Laura Lee.
I truly admire your faith.
Nat.
I love that you don't care
what anybody thinks.
And you're so completely yourself.
She's also deadly at beer pong.
So. go on. Tell her.
Come on. guys.
Laura Lee. you have very shiny hair.
Thank you. Van.
Lottie...
you never talk shit unless
someone really deserves it.
Also...
I like your Pilgrim hat.
I'm sorry.
for what I said before.
about you...
I didn't. you know.
mean to hurt her.
Okay.
Hi.
Are-are we cool?
I don't know.
You haven't said
anything nice about me yet.
Okay.
Shauna Shipman.
You are...
a terrible dancer
and you have seriously
questionable taste in music...
...and you can't hold
your liquor for shit.
But you're the only one
who's always been there for me.
You're the best friend I've ever had.
You know that. right?
Yeah. I know.
Okay.
Let's get you home.
♪ I lost my heart ♪
♪ Under the bridge ♪
♪ To that little girl ♪
♪ So much to me ♪
♪ And now I moan ♪
♪ And now I holler ♪
♪ She'll never know ♪
♪ Just what I found ♪
♪ Little fish. big fish ♪
♪ Swimming in the water... ♪
Misty?
♪ Gimme my daughter ♪
♪ Little fish. big fish ♪
♪ Swimming in the water ♪
♪ Come back here. man ♪
♪ Gimme my daughter ♪
♪ Little fish. big fish ♪
♪ Swimming in the water ♪
♪ Come back here. man ♪
♪ Gimme my daughter ♪
♪ Little fish. big fish ♪
♪ Swimming in the water ♪
♪ Come back here... ♪
♪ soft. gentle music playing ♪
Turn on Port Monmouth. It's faster.
Shauna's house is on the way.
Come on. I'm past curfew.
I have a curfew. too. you know.
Yeah. but...
...you know what my parents are like.
Love you.
Jeff. pull over.
Are you gonna puke?
Pl... Don't puke in my car. Shauna.
Just pull over.
Whoa. hey.
Hey. I-I thought
we weren't doing this again.
We're not.
Again.
If you come inside me.
I will raise the baby out of spite
and train it to become a killing machine
that eventually hunts you down.
Got it?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Tell me you love me.
I won't hold you to it. okay?
Just say it.
I love you. Shauna.
Say it again.
We need to talk.
♪ Don't ask me ♪
♪ What you know is true ♪
♪ Don't have to tell you ♪
♪ I love your precious heart ♪
♪ I... ♪
♪ I was standing ♪
♪ You were there ♪
♪ Two worlds collided ♪
♪ And they could never tear us apart ♪
♪ We could live ♪
♪ For a thousand years ♪
♪ But if I hurt you ♪
♪ I'd make wine from your tears... ♪
Mom.
♪ I told you... ♪
♪ That we could fly... ♪
Mom!
♪ 'Cause we all have wings... ♪
Come on.
♪ But some of us don't know why... ♪
♪ I was standing... ♪
♪ You were there... ♪
Just let me find my keys.
I already got a ride.
Love you.
Remember. the most important thing
is to have fun.
Love you.
♪ Tear us apart ♪
- ♪ I... ♪
- ♪ Don't ask me ♪
- ♪ I was standing ♪
- ♪ What you know is true ♪
- ♪ You were there ♪
- ♪ Worlds collided ♪
- ♪ Two worlds collided ♪
- ♪ We're shining through ♪
♪ And they could never tear us apart ♪
- ♪ You... ♪
- ♪ Don't ask me ♪
- ♪ You were standing ♪
- ♪ What you know is true ♪
- ♪ I was there ♪
- ♪ Worlds collided ♪
- ♪ Two worlds collided ♪
- ♪ We're shining through ♪
♪ And they could never ♪
♪ Ever ♪
♪ Ever tear us apart... ♪
Here. I'll give you guys a hand.
Wicked.
I can't believe your dad paid
for a private plane.
It's pretty much
his only form of parenting.
I guess I'll take it.
Well. thank you.
- Mr. Matthews!
Whoa. whoa. hey. JV.
Didn't they tell you?
New blood's got to earn a seat.
Oh. I-I thought that I could...
No. I'm 100% messing with you.
You want some Fruit by the Foot?
I've got. like. a mile of it.
Hey. hey. hey. Not so fast. girls.
- Javi.
- Yeah.
For your ears.
Nuh-uh. buttmunch. Get out of here.
All right. hustle up.
It's gonna be a long flight.
This is your captain.
Our flight plan to Seattle has us going
- a bit farther north than expected.
- Hey.
You okay?
- We're gonna try to avoid...
- Yeah.
...a storm system that's coming in.
Should get some great views...
...of the Canadian Rockies.
Remember when you came
to Hilton Head with us in second grade
and you cried the whole flight?
Sit back. enjoy the flight.
Here.
Swiped these
from my mom's medicine cabinet.
Valium.
She's got.
like. a never-ending supply.
so I doubt she'll even notice.
I know.
I'm basically the best.
And here.
It's a good luck charm.
Now nothing can touch you.
Sorry I'm late.
A reporter approached me today.
She said she was with the local paper.
but I googled her.
and she wasn't credited
in any bylines anywhere.
These people come out
of the woodwork every few years
on some anniversary or another.
You know that.
There's no reason to think
this is any different.
I can think of a few.
We agreed.
Say no more than we have to.
stay out of the public eye.
Shauna.
I saw you on fucking television. Ty.
If someone's digging.
we are all fucked.
Take care of it.
Thank you.
Have you talked to Nat?
She's in rehab. Again.
And there's still no sign of the others?
No.
Not for months.
Okay.
Then we're fine.
So long as nobody does anything crazy...
we have nothing to worry about.
Nice ride.
I'm Dave. The manager.
Hi. Dave.
I'm sorry. It's just...
Haven't seen anyone around this unit
since I've been here.
Vultures have been circling it for years.
but I keep telling 'em.
"Long as the bill's paid."
You local?
Was.
Been a while since I've been...
home.
Then welcome back.
Thanks.
I wasn't sure how I'd feel. but...
I think it'll be good to...
reconnect with some old friends.
Happy Friday. Mrs. DeGenaro.
Time for your meds.
We been a good girl today?
Mm.
Still on a hunger strike. I see.
You know. you're never gonna get
your strength back up
if you don't eat.
Gloria.
Did we have another accident?
I have told you.
you just have to press the button
and someone will come.
I just changed those sheets.
You know...
I think the morphine
might be upsetting your tummy.
Let's skip this dose.
Mm-mm.
Don't fuck with me.
Happy Friday. ladies!
Hey. Misty.
The Lord is my shepherd.
And even though I walk
through the valley...